[IMP] sales: updated terms and conditions for RST (#4443)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/terms_and_conditions.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: How to enable Default Terms and Conditions on Odoo Sales.

.. note::
   Please note that this feature is activated via the settings of the *Accounting* app, and **not**
   in the settings of the *Sales* app.

In the settings of the *Accounting* application, after activating the :guilabel:`Default Terms &
Conditions` feature, a field appears beneath the feature. In this field, specific terms and
conditions can be entered.

.. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-setting-field.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Default Terms and Conditions on quotation on Odoo Sales.

Click :guilabel:`Save` to save the terms and conditions.

These specified terms and conditions subsequently appear on every quotation, sales order, and
invoice.

Default terms and conditions on quotation templates
---------------------------------------------------

Default terms and conditions can be applied to quotation templates, as well, depending on the
specific needs of the business. This is useful when various terms and conditions are used within
a company.

.. note::
   When a quotation template is used on a quotation, the quotation uses the terms and conditions

>    specified on that specific template, over the terms and conditions specified in the settings.

Author: Wow. haha it SURE does 😆 sometimes my brain gets too fried doing these docs - great catch!

navigate to the front-end of the website, via :menuselection:`Website app --> Go to Website`. From
here, click :menuselection:`New + --> Page`, give the terms and conditions page a title in the
pop-up form that appears.

Then, decide if this page should be accessible via the main Website header menu, via the
:guilabel:`Add to menu` toggle in the pop-up, and click :guilabel:`Continue`.

Doing so, reveals a blank page on the website that can be fully customized and edited with Odoo's
drag-and-drop building blocks. Use those building blocks to add the specific terms and conditions
to the page, and click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

Don't forget to publish the page, via the :guilabel:`Unpublished` > :guilabel:`Published` toggle at
the top of the page. Unpublished pages will **not** be accessible to visitors.

Below, is an example of a basic terms and conditions page on an Odoo website:

.. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-page-frontend.png
   :align: center
   :alt: General Terms and Conditions on a website.

This terms and conditions page can be placed in the footer of all documents, if necessary. To do

> that, access the layout by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Business Documents
> heading`, and clicking :guilabel:`Configure Document Layout` (located beneath :guilabel:`Document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that, access the layout by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings` app. In the :guilabel:`General Settings`, under the :guilabel:`Business Documents` heading,
click :guilabel:`Configure Document Layout` (located beneath :guilabel:`Document
```

Layout`).

> Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Create your document layout` template pop-up form. On this form, in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Create your document layout` pop-up form. On this form, in
```

> the :guilabel:`Footer` field, enter the URL for the terms and conditions page located on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Footer` field, enter the URL for the terms and conditions page on the
```

website. It's good practice to also provide a brief title prefacing the URL, so customers/clients
are aware of what the link leads to when they see it on the footer of documents.

.. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-footer-field.png
   :align: center
   :alt: General Terms and Conditions in business documents.

General terms and conditions as email attachments
-------------------------------------------------

> Odoo provides the ability to attach an external document, containing general terms and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo provides the ability to attach an external document, such as one containing terms and
```

conditions, when quotations are sent by email to customers.

.. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-attach-file.png
   :align: center
   :alt: General Terms and conditions as attachment in emails.

General terms and conditions as attachments in quotation templates

> ------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: I would move this whole section to be a sub-section beneath "Default terms and conditions on quotation templates", since it's another (and I imagine, less popular) option for configuring terms and conditions on a quotation template.

Also, maybe consider changing the heading to "Terms and conditions as attachments on confirmation emails". I think that's more accurate since the terms and conditions are being sent with the confirmation email, not the quotation, even though it's configured on the quotation template.

> Create and edit email templates to set a default terms and conditions attachment for all quotation
> emails sent in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terms and conditions can also be sent as an attachment on the default confirmation email of a quotation template.
```

To do so, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Quotation Templates` and
create a new quotation template  (via the :guilabel:`Create` button), or modify an existing one.

> On the desired quotation template form page, click :guilabel:`Edit` and, under the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the desired quotation template form, click :guilabel:`Edit` and, under the
```

:guilabel:`Confirmation` tab, there are options to activate an :guilabel:`Online Signature`,

> :guilabel:`Online Payment`, as well as a :guilabel:`Confirmation Mail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Online Payment`, and :guilabel:`Confirmation Mail`.
```

> Clicking the :guilabel:`Confirmation Mail` field, reveals a drop-down, from which an email template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the :guilabel:`Confirmation Mail` field reveals a drop-down menu, from which an email template
```

> can be chosen or created. To create a new email template from here, start typing the title of this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be chosen or created. To create a new email template from here, start typing the name of this
```

new template, and then select :guilabel:`Create and Edit...`, which reveals a :guilabel:`Create:
Confirmation Mail` pop-up form.

On this pop-up form, customize the email message in a number of different ways, but be sure to
click :guilabel:`Attachments` at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Content` tab to add the desired

> terms and conditions attachement to the mailing. Once done, click :guilabel:`Save` to save all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terms and conditions attachment to the mailing. Once done, click :guilabel:`Save` to save all
```

====================
Terms and conditions
====================

Specifying terms and conditions is essential to establish important contractual points, such as
payment terms, limitations of liability, and delivery terms between customers and sellers.

> Every seller must declare all formal information concerning products and company policy. Conversely,
> each customer must take note of all these conditions before committing to a purchase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sellers must declare formal information concerning products and company policy. Conversely,
customers must take note of all these conditions before committing to a purchase.
```

With Odoo *Sales*, it's very easy to include default terms and conditions on every quotation, sales
order, and invoice.

Default terms and conditions
============================

Configuration
-------------

Go to :menuselection:`Accounting app --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll to the
:guilabel:`Customer Invoices` heading, and check the box beside the :guilabel:`Default Terms &
Conditions` feature to activate it.

.. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to enable Default Terms and Conditions on Odoo Sales.

.. note::
   Please note that this feature is activated via the settings of the *Accounting* app, and **not**
   in the settings of the *Sales* app.

In the :guilabel:`Settings` of the :menuselection:`Accounting` application, after activating the
:guilabel:`Default Terms & Conditions` feature, a field appears beneath the feature. In this field,
specific terms and conditions can be entered.

.. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-setting-field.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Default Terms and Conditions on quotation on Odoo Sales.

Click :guilabel:`Save` to save the terms and conditions.

> These specified terms and conditions subsequently appear on every quotation, sales order, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These terms and conditions appear on every quotation, sales order, and
```

terms and conditions page a title in the pop-up form that appears.

Then, decide if this page should be accessible via the main website header menu, using the
:guilabel:`Add to menu` toggle in the pop-up form, and click :guilabel:`Continue` to create the new
page.

Doing so reveals a blank page on the website that can be fully customized and edited with Odoo's
drag-and-drop building blocks. Use those building blocks to add the terms and conditions to the
page, and click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

Don't forget to publish the page, via the :guilabel:`Unpublished` / :guilabel:`Published` toggle at
the top of the page. Unpublished pages will **not** be accessible to website visitors.

.. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-page-frontend.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Terms and Conditions on a website.

This terms and conditions page can be linked in the footer of all documents, if desired. To do that,
access the document layout by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings` app. In the
:guilabel:`General Settings`, under the :guilabel:`Business Documents` heading, click
:guilabel:`Configure Document Layout` (located beneath :guilabel:`Document Layout`).

> Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Create your document layout` pop-up form. On this form, in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Configure your document layout` pop-up form. On this form, in the
```

:guilabel:`Footer` field, enter the URL for the terms and conditions page on the website.

> It's good practice to also provide a brief title prefacing the URL, so customers/clients are aware
> of what the link leads to when they see it on the footer of documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's good practice to also provide a brief title prefacing the URL, so customers know
what the link leads to when they see it on the footer of documents.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Terms and conditions as attachment in quotation templates.

Terms and conditions on a website
=================================

Use the Odoo *Website* application to create a terms and conditions page. To do that, first navigate
to the front-end of the website, via :menuselection:`Website app --> Go to Website`. From here,
click :menuselection:`+ New` in the top right corner of the page, then select :menuselection:`Page`.
Give the terms and conditions page a title in the pop-up form that appears.

Then, decide if this page should be accessible via the main Website header menu, using the
:guilabel:`Add to menu` toggle in the pop-up form, and click :guilabel:`Continue` to create the new
page.

Doing so reveals a blank page on the website that can be fully customized and edited with Odoo's
drag-and-drop building blocks. Use those building blocks to add the terms and conditions to the
page, and click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

Don't forget to publish the page, via the :guilabel:`Unpublished` > :guilabel:`Published` toggle at
the top of the page. Unpublished pages will **not** be accessible to website visitors.

> .. image:: terms_and_conditions/terms-conditions-page-frontend.png

Reviewer 2: This image _could_ be retaken to be a bit more legible. I'd suggest reducing the window width and zooming in (`CTRL +`)
